25% of total assignment grade.

I will try to post an example video of a unit test and/or few example tests from previous term students to help you. 

Note:

This is NOT part of the team project. Do it on your own!
You are NOT required to write random tests in this assignment.
Submit your code in class repository under your onid folder. 
(20 points) Write unit tests for four functions (not card implementations 
or cardEffect) in dominion.c. Check these tests in as unittest1.c,unittest2.c, unittest3.c, and unittest4.c. (for example, you can create a test for updateCoins() method)
(20 points) Write unit tests for four Dominion cards implemented in dominion.c.  
These tests should be checked in as cardtest1.c, cardtest2.c,cardtest3.c, and
 cardtest4.c. (For example, create a test for smithy card.). It is mandatory to test 
 smithy and adventurer card. 
(10 points) Execute your unit tests and describe any bugs you find in a file named 
bug1.c. 
(40 points) Use gcov to measure code coverage for all of these tests. Report your
 findings by discussing your tests' coverages (statement, branch, boundary, etc.),
 and describe their implications for the tests in a file called coverage1.c, also
 checked in to your dominion directory. I want you to look at the dominion code 
 coverage and find out what parts of your code are not covered so that in future
 you can improve your test suite. 
(10 points) Add a rule in Makefile that will generate and execute all of these tests, 
and append complete testing results (including % coverage) into a file called 
unittestresults.out. The rule should be named unittestresults.out and should depend 
on all your test code as well as the dominion code.
Update your refactor.c  file of Assignment 2 with some information about the 
bugs that you introduced in Assignment 2 in case you have not done it already 
and resubmit the file.
Note: we prefer to run a single command "make unittestresults.out". This command 
should do everything. Compile all 8 tests, execute them, add any output information 
to unittestresult.out file,  collect coverage information and append it to the 
unittestresult.out file.